Add Post Aggregators for Tuple Sketches (#13819)
apache/druid: docs/development/extensions-core/datasketches-tuple.md

  "field"  : <post aggregator that refers to an ArrayOfDoublesSketch (fieldAccess or another post aggregator)>
}
```

### Constant ArrayOfDoublesSketch 

> You can use the this post aggregator to add a Base64-encoded constant ArrayOfDoublesSketch value for use in other post-aggregators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This post aggregator adds a Base64-encoded constant ArrayOfDoublesSketch value that you can use in other post aggregators.
```
Not sure if what is meant by "adds". Would it be accurate to say "generates" or "outputs"?

```json
{

>   "type"  : "arrayOfDoublesSketchConstant",
>   "name": DESTINATION_COLUMN_NAME,
>   "value"  : CONSTANT_SKETCH_VALUE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "type": "arrayOfDoublesSketchConstant",
  "name": DESTINATION_COLUMN_NAME,
  "value": CONSTANT_SKETCH_VALUE
```

}
```

> ### Base64 Output of ArrayOfDoublesSketch 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Base64 output of ArrayOfDoublesSketch 
```

> You can use the this post aggregator to output an ArrayOfDoublesSketch as Base64-encoded string constant tuple sketch value for use in other post-aggregators. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This post aggregator outputs an ArrayOfDoublesSketch as a Base64-encoded string storing the constant tuple sketch value that you can use in other post aggregators. 
```

```json
{

>   "type"  : "arrayOfDoublesSketchToBase64String",
>   "name": DESTINATION_COLUMN_NAME,
>   "field"  : <post aggregator that refers to a ArrayOfDoublesSketch (fieldAccess or another post aggregator)>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "type": "arrayOfDoublesSketchToBase64String",
  "name": DESTINATION_COLUMN_NAME,
  "field": <post aggregator that refers to a ArrayOfDoublesSketch (fieldAccess or another post aggregator)>
```

}
```

> ### Estimated Metrics values for each column of ArrayOfDoublesSketch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Estimated metrics values for each column of ArrayOfDoublesSketch
```

> This post aggregator returns a list of estimated values(sum) from a given ArrayOfDoublesSketch. The result is _N_ double values, where _N_ is the number of double values kept in the sketch per key.

Reviewer 2: is `arrayOfDoublesSketchToMetricsSumEstimate` a better name for this?

Author: You mean the `type` field in the post-aggregator?

Author: @abhishekagarwal87 : Are we discussing about the `type` field

Author: done

> This post aggregator returns a list of estimated values(sum) from a given ArrayOfDoublesSketch. The result is _N_ double values, where _N_ is the number of double values kept in the sketch per key.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This post aggregator returns a list of estimated values(sum of distincts) from a given ArrayOfDoublesSketch. The result is _N_ double values, where _N_ is the number of double values kept in the sketch per key.
```

Author: I think this needs an overall rephrase, basically with each distinct value, there is a `array` of `doubles`, with this post-aggregator we want to provide a double array with sum. 

For E.g.

`Key_1, {1.0, 2.0}`
`Key_2, {2.0, 5.0}`

Output from Post-aggregator is `{3.0, 7.0}`

Author: @techdocsmith @vtlim Can you help rephrase this

Reviewer 2: This explanation works. Though it does need to be called out that result is an estimated sum and not accurate sum.

Reviewer 3: could `This post aggregator returns a list of estimated values(sum) from a given ArrayOfDoublesSketch.` be more like `This post aggregator returns a list of estimated sum for each metric value from a given ArrayOfDoublesSketch.` ?

Reviewer: Sorry, just saw this. The example isn't clear to me; is the sum being added row-wise or column-wise?

For this example, 
```
Key_1, {1.0, 3.0}
Key_2, {2.0, 5.0}
```

Would the result be `{3.0, 8.0}` or `{4.0, 7.0}`?

Commented a suggestion in https://github.com/apache/druid/pull/13819/files?file-filters%5B%5D=.md&show-viewed-files=true#r1120990146. It would be great to include this example in the docs as well.

Author: Result would be `{3.0, 8.0}`

Author: > thanks @anshu-makkar. Please let us know once you think it's ready for review. I think we are almost there.

@abhishekagarwal87 : I have added tests for native query as suggested.

> This post aggregator returns a list of estimated sum for each metric value from a given ArrayOfDoublesSketch. The result is _N_ double values, where _N_ is the number of double values kept in the sketch per key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each key-value pair in the given ArrayOfDoublesSketch, this post aggregator estimates the sum of the values associated with the key. The post aggregator returns _N_ double values, where _N_ is the number of double values associated with each key.
```

Based on the example in https://github.com/apache/druid/pull/13819#discussion_r1115305144, if the sum is done for each key (row-wise), then I think we should say `_N_ is the number of keys in the ArrayOfDoublesSketch` but if the sum is done across different keys (column-wise), then the description for _N_ is fine as is.

Author: @vtlim : The sum is performed column wise.

Reviewer: Thanks for clarifying @anshu-makkar. Suggested wording, if this is accurate:

`````suggestion
For the key-value pairs in the given ArrayOfDoublesSketch, this post aggregator estimates the sum for each set of values across the keys. For example, the post aggregator returns `{3.0, 8.0}` for the following key-value pairs:

```
Key_1, {1.0, 3.0}
Key_2, {2.0, 5.0}
```

The post aggregator returns _N_ double values, where _N_ is the number of values associated with each key.
`````

> You can use this post aggregator to return a list of estimated values(sum) from a given ArrayOfDoublesSketch. The result will be N double values, where N is the number of double values kept in the sketch per key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This post aggregator returns a list of estimated values(sum) from a given ArrayOfDoublesSketch. The result is _N_ double values, where _N_ is the number of double values kept in the sketch per key.
```

> You can use this post aggregator to return a list of estimated values(sum) from a given ArrayOfDoublesSketch. The result will be N double values, where N is the number of double values kept in the sketch per key.

Reviewer: What does the `(sum)` mean here?

Author: For each key in a `sketch`, there is an array of doubles, while calculating the estimate, we are doing sum of the values.

```json
{

>   "type"  : "arrayOfDoublesSketchToMetricsEstimate",
>   "name": DESTINATION_COLUMN_NAME,
>   "field"  : <post aggregator that refers to a ArrayOfDoublesSketch (fieldAccess or another post aggregator)>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "type": "arrayOfDoublesSketchToMetricsEstimate",
  "name": DESTINATION_COLUMN_NAME,
  "field": <post aggregator that refers to a ArrayOfDoublesSketch (fieldAccess or another post aggregator)>
```
